you've been to so many places what's it
like sign up there Alma's miserable
you're either sunburned sleep-deprived
or seasick and after a few days there's
that loosen Asians why do you do it it's
a fear it's intense sis you and the
infinite horizon you must be a sailor -
I take it I don't know that I would
consider myself a sailor oh come on no
you are do you want sacrum anytime you
think you might want to go sailing how
would you like to sail it is headed to
California verse four thousand miles
isn't saying I'm sailing with me
[Music]
hurricane Raymond has been upgraded to a
category 5
I love you
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm gonna die out here
[Music]